# This is the whole "Waiting for the light" gamebook by
# Kieran Coghlan, converted to MuCho with the author's
# permission for non-commercial use.

$Q start

WAITING FOR
$P
THE LIGHT
$P
By Kieran Coghlan
$A p1
Now Begin

$Q p1
You are in darkness. You open your gritted eyes but it makes little difference - there is nothing
but pitch blackness before you. You try to move, but your arms are pinned to the cold stone
wall behind you, manacled by rusty iron shackles that dig into your skin. You bellow out for
assistance, but your calls are met only by the eternal silence. Such is the way it has been for as
long as you have known - there is no reason to expect anything different today. You let your
heavy eyelids close and become dormant once more.

You are startled awake by something irritating your eyes. Blinkingly, you open your eyes to
behold something you thought you would never see again - light! A faint white light is coming
from what seems to be an open doorway in the far side of the room. Standing silhouetted in the
light is the figure of a man. As he approaches you can see he is overweight and greasy skinned.
He has a mass of curly ginger hair atop his head and wears thick glasses and a scruffy tweed
suit. He reaches over to the shackles that trap your arms and undoes them with clumsy, shaking
hands.

"I hope you know what you're doing," he says in a thin reedy voice. "Turn right and head to the
hall of lights. Good luck - for both our sakes."

With that, he turns round and leaves through the doorway. You can just about see him turn left
in the faint light.

Rubbing the circulation back into your wrists, you follow him out the doorway. The light seems
to be coming from a passageway to your right. To your left you see nothing but endless
darkness. 
$A p90
Turn right 
$A p33
Take the left passage

$Q p2
Vine draws a card from his jacket pocket and begins to laugh. He turns to your opponent.

"Bon voyage!" he says and a pit trap opens beneath your opponent's feet. He plunges into the
darkness with a piercing shriek while the audience clap and cheer.

"That means you win!" Vine says, turning to you.
$A p100
Continue

$Q p3
"I think there's no reason for us to waste any more time," he continues. "Here ya go."

He tosses you a wad of cash which you catch and stick in your pocket. He then rises to his feet
and strides towards the door. He opens the door for his wife who shuffles slowly out.

"We won't be troubling you again," he says, closing the door behind him.

Suddenly your chair begins to shake and the bookshelves before you crumble into dust to be
replaced by a pulsating pink light. The light expands and surrounds you completely . . . and
when it fades you are back in the hall of lights.
$A p49 set:S set:cash
Continue

$Q p5
"Well there's a promotion coming up in my office," he reveals. "I wasn't going to go for it as it
means more hours. But the money's good. Maybe having a bit more money would help."

The wife purses her lips uncertainly at this suggestion.
$A p87
State that this is a good idea 
$A p26
It won't solve their problems

$Q p6
$O gosub:scorecheck
$O
You answer before your opponents has a chance.

"Correctamundo," replies Vine, giving you one of his trademark smiles. "Do you want to take the
point, or risk a Surprise! card?"

"The card!" screams an over-enthusiastic member of the audience. 
$A p11 player_score+1
Take the point 
$A p63
Take the card

$Q p7
You head in the rough direction of the noises which get louder and more disgusting the further
you travel. Suddenly, the mist parts before you, revealing the completely hideous source of the
noise. A long scaly creature stands before you, staring up at you with one beady bloodshot eye
and one huge yellow eye which seems to have some sort of fungus growing out of it. It's
reptilian face is almost split in half by a crooked grin full of sharp, brown teeth. A leathery
purple tongue hangs lopsidedly from the mouth in a pool of black saliva. It makes another
horrible retching sound and then stalks towards you. 
$A p77
Pick up a heavy branch and attack the creature 
$A p21
Run away from it

$Q p8
You emerge back into the studio, greeted by thunderous applause. Vine skips over to you.
"Ladies and gentlemen, let's hear it for our valiant competitor!" he cries. The audience shrieks in
appreciation.

"And because no-one leaves Surprise! empty handed, here's a trophy to go on your mantelpiece."
He hands you a golden trophy of a man with his hair standing on end. You pocket this and join
Vine and the victor in waving to the audience as the announcer tells everyone to tune in next
week for another edition of Surprise! As you wave, the studio lights seem to get impossibly
bright. You are forced to shield your eyes and when the light finally fades, you uncover them to
find you are back in the hall of lights, the studio gone. 
$A p49 set:trophy
Continue

$Q p9
$O gosub:scorecheck
$O
You buzz in a fraction of a second before your opponent and answer.
"Well, blow me down and pick me up," begins Vine. "You're absolutely, positively, one-hundred
percent correct! Will you be taking the point or would sir prefer the subtle mystery of a Surprise!
card?"
$A p91 player_score+1
Take the point 
$A p2
Take the card

$Q p11
$O gosub:scorecheck
$O
"Question two," continues Vine. "According to Sigmund Freud, the apparatus of the psyche
consists of the id, ego and . . . is it the instinct or the super-ego?"
$A p34
answer instinct 
$A p89
answer the super-ego 
$A p55
prefer not to answer at all

$Q p12
Bright, twinkly music seems to be coming from the yellow light. Intrigued, you walk nearer. As
you do so, the light suddenly expands and surrounds you, the strange music getting louder.
Your senses overwhelm you and you curl into a ball.

You are brought back to awareness by someone gently nudging you in the side with their foot.
"Hey kid, you're on," speaks a gruff voice.

You pick yourself up and look around you. You are no longer in the hall of lights. Instead you
are in a brightly lit, garishly decorated sitting room. You can still hear the annoying music
which seems to be coming from behind a door with a large yellow star on it. A man in overalls
is pointing emphatically at the door.

"Don't keep Mr. Vine waiting," he says.

Perplexed, you nod to the man in acknowledgement and head for the door. As you throw it
open you are greeted by a huge cheer from above. You are in a television studio and a huge
audience of men and women are cheering from the stands. Across from you, a skinny man with
a ragged beard and thick glasses has just entered the studio via a similar yellow starred door.
He waves feebly to the crowd and you do the same.

"Folks!" cries an unseen announcer. "Welcome to "Surprise!" the gameshow where truly anything
can happen. These are tonight's contestants and here is your host: Geraaaaaaaaaaaald Vine!"
At this, a snappily dressed man with slicked back blond hair emerges amongst the audience. He
runs down the stairs towards you, shaking hands with random audience members as he does
so. He then leads you and your opponent to a pair of podiums fixed with bright red buzzers.

"Welcome," he says in a cheesy voice as you and your opponent take positions. "Of course we all
know the rules, but for the benefit of those at home who've been living on the moon for the past
few months I'll give a quick recap. I'll ask a series of fifty-fifty questions. Buzz in if you think
you know the answer. But be careful! Get it wrong and your opponent gets a point. Get it right
however and you can either get a point or draw a Surprise! card. And what can happen with a
Surprise! card?"

"Anything!" roars the audience dutifully.

"You betcha," says Gerald Vine, flashing a grin even cheesier than his voice and wardrobe put
together. "First to get 3 points wins and can take home this new, off-the-road family vehicle," he
indicates a shiny jeep, "or the Mystery Prize."

"Oooooooooooooooooooooo," goes the audience, clearly enjoying themselves.

"Question, the first," begins Vine with a theatrical flourish. "Which philosopher famously said
"cogito ergo sum" meaning "I think, therefore I am? Was it Rene Descartes or Thomas Hobbes?"
$A p6
Answer Descartes 
$A p59
Answer Hobbes 
$A p86
Prefer not to answer

$Q scorecheck
#Keep a record of your's and your opponent's scores on your note sheet. Note down that if you reach 3
#points first to turn to 100. If your opponent manages to do so first, turn to 96.
$O player_score>=3 go:p100
$O opponent_score>=3 go:p96
$O
You have <<player_score>> points and your opponent has <<opponent_score>> points.

$Q p13
You race towards the doors and lend your weight to the effort. The force attacking the doors is
incredible and your bones jar with the effort of staying on your feet. Finally there is a
tremendous blow and the doors are thrown open, scattering you and the soldiers across the
room. Through dazed eyes you see a dark figure step through the remains of the devastated
doors. It is a man clad entirely in black leather apart from his arms - if one could call them that.
Huge steel monstrosities sprout from his shoulders. He surveys the room before him with a
contemptuous sneer. One soldiers crawls to his feet and shakily aims his rifle. Before he even
has time to fire, the steel-armed man grabs him by the head and crushes his skull with one
gigantic hand. He tosses the remains away and the rifle clatters to the ground inches from your
hand.

The battle-hardened sergeant leaps to his feet and brings his combat knife into the hideous
man's shoulder. Without even acknowledging him, the steel-armed man brings his elbow
smashing back into the sergeant, grinding him into the wall. Another soldier tries to crawl away
but is picked up and torn in half by those mighty metallic arms. The vile creature then takes one
final look around the room and, apparently satisfied, turns around and stalks away. 
$A p71
Grab the assault rifle and take aim at his back
$A p85
Play dead and just let him go

$Q p15
You walk slowly towards the creature, your arms outstretched in what you hope it will take as a
sign of friendship. The creature lets you approach and it's horrible leathery tongue slides from
its toothy maw and proceeds to lick your feet. Interpreting this as the beast being affectionate,
you reach down and pat its ridged head. As you do so, a small horn breaks off in your hand.

You decide to pocket it. 
$A p61 SET:A set:horn
Continue

$Q p16
You reach down and prize the gun from deathly strong fingers. You march towards the
creature, aiming between its eyes. The creatures makes a horrible hacking sound and its eyes
leak some putrid fluid as it stares at you defiantly. Without hesitating, you pull the trigger and
the bullet flies into the brute's skull. It tumbles sideways, blood and saliva mixing to make a
foul liquid. Stooping over the creature you snap off one of the horns from it's ugly face and stick
in you pocket - a fitting trophy for ridding the world of such a beast.
$A p61 SET:D set:horn
Continue

$Q p17
"I have no idea," he replies in a gruff voice. "Our marriage is perfectly fine. Ain't that right, love?
I think we're just wasting time and money being here."

The woman looks like she is going to respond then seems to think better of it and returns to
staring at the ground.
$A p99
Ask her to speak her mind
$A p3
Let her be

$Q p19
They exchange sad looks with one another.

"You really think that's for the best?" ask the husband, his voice unusually subdued.
"I suppose it's not forever," manages the wife with a weak smile.

The husband looks like he's going to reply, but he just gulps softly. He stands to his feet and
hands you a wad of cash which you pocket.

"Well I suppose we'd best get home and sort a few things out," he says to his wife. The two of
them shuffle out of the room.

Suddenly, a phone on a desk behind you begins to ring. You pick up the receiver and place it to
your ear and hear the unmistakeable sound of a woman sobbing. You are about to demand who
is on the other end when you are distracted by a growing pink light outside your office
window. It swamps into the room encircling you and you close your eyes to shield them from
its brilliance. When you open your eyes again, you find you are back in the hall of lights. 
$A p49 SET:S set:cash
Continue

$Q p20
$O gosub:scorecheck
$O
"Yes it was indeed," responds Vine. "A classic painting though the police didn't take too kindly
to me lifting it out of the Munch Museum - philistines! Now will that be a point or card you'll
be wanting, sir?"
$A p75 player_score+1
Take the point
$A p88
Take the card

$Q p21
You rush through the trees but it is quite hard to see where you're going through the mist and
when you're not nearly slipping on marshy ground you're nearly stumbling in overgrown tree
roots. All the while you hear the creature wheezing behind you, slowly but surely gaining upon
you. The disgusting thing is just about to leap on you when a gunshot rings out from the trees
to your left. The creature bolts in the opposite direction, leaving you staring dumbfounded after
it as a man with long blond hair and armed with a flintlock pistol comes out from the trees
followed by a pretty red-haired girl.

"Damn it, Bianca you spoiled my aim," the man complains loudly. "I had the creature in my
sights!"

The girl is about to retort when the two of them notice you and stare questioningly.

You ask "Who are you two?"
$A p53
Continue

$Q p22
$O gosub:scorecheck
$O
"Yes! Yes! Yes!" replies Vine to your answer. "What did I do to deserve such smart contestants?
So what's it going to be - the point of the card?"

"The card! The card! The card!" chants the audience.
$A p27 player_score+1
Take the point 
$A p64
Take the card

$Q p23
You burst through the mist-shrouded trees into a clearing of sorts. Richard has the beast backed
up against the trunk of a solitary oak and is trying to take aim with Bianca tugging his arm and
screaming at him to let the creature go. The beast looks towards you with its awful discoloured
eyes as black saliva dribbles from the cavernous fanged mouth in its scaly face. Its expression is
almost quizzical as if trying to gauge how much of a threat you are.

Suddenly Richard loses his temper and sends Bianca flying backwards with a punch. She
screams and he turns toward her in sudden remorse. Seizing its opportunity, the beast uses the
distraction to pounce on Richard's gun arm, tearing it from his shoulder in a torrent of crimson.
Richard howls in torment and then tumbles to the ground. The beast flings the arm from its
jaws where it lands with a soft plop a few feet from you with the gun still clutched tightly in the
hand. The beast watches you warily while Bianca begins to sob. 
$A p16
Seize the pistol and shoot the beast 
$A p15
Approach it peacefully

$Q p25
As you approach the white light, it seems to get fainter. You dash towards it, hoping to reach it
before it disappears completely. You reach out to touch the light and when you do so there is a
blinding flash. Once the flash fades you are no longer in the hall of lights. Instead you are in a
dark room. The only light at all comes from a set of shining double doors in the far wall. The
doors are made of some brilliant metal which intrigues you and you approach them. As you do
so, you notice a man sitting at a desk next to the doors. He notices you looking at him and gets
up from his seat, offering his hand for you to shake. You walk up to him and shake him by the
hand. In the faint light you make out he has slicked-back black hair and is wearing a fancy navy
suit. He motions for you to sit and flashes you a million dollar smile.
As you sit, he speaks with a warm, friendly voice.

"Nice to meet you," he says. "Now, I understand that you'll be eager to go through the platinum
doors, but I'll need to see a few credentials first."

You stare at him blankly.

"You know," he says. "A few items to show you're taking this whole thing seriously."
You pour out any items you have found on the desk in front of him. 
$A p80 medal horn cash trophy
A medal, a horn, a wad of cash and a trophy
$A p73 !medal !horn !cash !trophy
You have nothing
$A p73 medal !horn !cash !trophy
A medal
$A p73 !medal horn !cash !trophy
A horn
$A p73 medal horn !cash !trophy
A medal and a horn
$A p73 !medal !horn cash !trophy
A wad of cash
$A p73 medal !horn cash !trophy
A medal and a wad of cash
$A p73 !medal horn cash !trophy
A horn and a wad of cash
$A p73 medal horn cash !trophy
A medal, a horn and A wad of cash
$A p73 !medal !horn !cash trophy
A trophy
$A p73 medal !horn !cash trophy
A medal and a trophy
$A p73 !medal horn !cash trophy
A horn and a trophy
$A p73 medal horn !cash trophy
A medal, a horn and a trophy
$A p73 !medal !horn cash trophy
A wad of cash and a trophy
$A p73 medal !horn cash trophy
A medal, a wad of cash and a trophy
$A p73 !medal horn cash trophy
A horn, a wad of cash and a trophy



$Q p26
Neither of them looks too disappointed by your response.

"So what is the answer then?" asks the husband.
$A p94
Ask why they got together in the first place
$A p19
Recommend a trial separation

$Q p27
$O gosub:scorecheck
$O
"Geez, hasn't anyone won yet?" continues Vine. "I hope I haven't left the oven on cos if I have my
house'll be a pile of ashes at this rate. Now, question five: which artist created a series of
expressionist paintings and prints named Skrik, or in English, The Scream between 1893 and
1910? Was it Edvard Munch or Peder Balke?"
$A p20
Answer Munch
$A p67
Answer Balke 
$A p41
Stay silent

$Q p28
You sprawl on the comfortable seat, relieved to take the pressure on your feet.
"Isn't that better?" says the man. "We should enjoy what little time is left."
You nod in reply, too exhausted to speak.

Time passes, marked only by the dwindling of the light coming from the corridor. Eventually
you cannot see your companion at all. Then the light fades completely and your world is no
more.

$Q p29
$O gosub:scorecheck
$O
"Don't be silly now," responds Vine to your answer. "That's clearly not the answer we're looking
for. And you're going to pay the price for such silliness because now your opponent gets a
point."

Your opponent winks at you.
$A p27 opponent_score+1
Continue

$Q p30
You rush through the woods trying to find a way out, but perhaps it is the thick mist
disorienting you for you cannot seem to find your way out of the wood. Panicking, you try to
head back to Richard and Bianca, but though several times you think you see a flash of
Richard's blond hair in the distance or hear Bianca's reprimanding voice on the breeze you
cannot find the siblings again. You run on until the mist thickens and total darkness consumes
the woods and you.

$Q p31
Your opponent buzzes in with incredible speed.

"It's Kelsey Grammer," he says without hesitation.

"Yes!!!!!!!!" screams Vine. "You are the winner!"
$A p96
Continue

$Q p32
You put your hand on his back. "We might get out of this alive yet," you say in what you hope is
a comforting voice.

"How?" he whines. "Those machine guns'll tear us apart. I just wanna get outta here."

$A p38
Suggest you both escape together
$A p92
Keep quiet about it

$Q p33
The light grows dimmer behind you as you walk down the passageway for what seems like
hours. Soon the darkness is so deep that you must hold on to the stone walls on either side of
you as you stride steadily forward. Suddenly you bump into something cold and hard. Feeling
forward with your fingers you determine that a steel door bars your way. You grope for a
handle. Eventually you find it and pull open the door, striding into the pitch dark room ahead.
The door closes behind you with a clang. You hear a low grown.

"Why did you come here?" whimpers a reedy voice. "I asked you to head to the hall of lights!"
Just then, there is a grinding noise and suddenly you feel ice-cold water flowing between your
feet - the room is flooding! Desperately you try to open the door, but there seems to be no
handle on this side.

"I was a fool," continues the voice as the freezing water reaches your chest. "There is no escaping
the water. You cannot build a strong house on weak foundations."

It is the last thing you hear before water enters your lungs and you fall into oblivion.

$Q p34
$O gosub:scorecheck
$O
"Wrooooooooooong!" bellows Vine. "Which means your opponent gets the point. You're really
making this far too easy for him."
$A p44 opponent_score+1
Continue

$Q p35
You awaken to see the red-haired girl smiling down at you. You are lying on soft grass. You put
a hand to your wound and find it has been stitched up by an expert hand.

The girl smiles. "You're lucky my idiot brother is a bad shot. A couple more inches and that
would have hit your heart."

Her brother is standing behind her, staring angrily you with his burly arms crossed.

"Well," he says, "if he will go skulking in the trees like some sort of fiend - what am I to do?
Wave politely?!"

"Don't mind him," continues the girl. "I'm Bianca and that oaf's name is Richard. He's here
hunting some creature and I'm trying to convince him to leave the poor thing alone."

"Poor thing nothing!" snaps Richard. "You only have to take one look at that foul abomination to
know it should be wiped off the face of the Earth!"

Bianca is about to retort when a horrible retching roar interrupts her. Richard turns in its
direction and charges into the trees in pursuit, waving his pistol like a lunatic.
"Wait! Richard!" yells the girl before pursuing.

$A p23
Follow the siblings in their pursuit of the beast
$A p30
Run off in the other direction
$A p45
Continue to rest on the soft grass

$Q p36
You dash into the locker room and slam the door behind you. Just then, you hear an almighty
crash followed by bone chilling screaming and the sound of tearing flesh. Fighting the urge to
vomit you sprint towards the red light. You are just about to throw yourself in when you see
something glistening on the flagstones. Intrigued, you stoop down and pick up a medal made
of a shiny red material. You pin this to your jacket and enter the red light.

You open your eyes and find yourself back in the hall of lights. 
$A p49 SET:F SET:medal
Continue

$Q p37
You beat your opponent to the buzzer by a fraction of a second.

"Kelsey Grammer," you say.

"Riiiiiiiiiiiiiight!" cries Vine joyously. "Which means YOU win!'

He turns to your opponent.

"Sorry, we won't be needing you anymore."

Your opponent disappears down a pit trap that suddenly opens beneath his feet.
$A p100
Continue

$Q p38
He turns to you with a look of utter disgust on his face.

"You won't get me to desert my friends, coward," he snarls. "Hey Sarge! This guy is planning to
ditch us all!"

"Is that so?" growls the sergeant, spitting on the stone floor. "Well if that's the case maybe you'd
better beat it. Go on, get lost! We don't need wimps getting in our way."

Before he can go on he is interrupted by a heavy pounding on the mighty wooden doors.

"Aw shit!" he barks. "Brace the door! Those sons of bitches are trying to get through."
All the soldiers leap to their feet and rush towards the doors, throwing their weight against
them in an effort to keep them closed. But still the pounding continues and the heavy bar begins
to buckle and splinter.

"Ain't ya gonna help?!" yells the sergeant at you.
$A p13
Aid the soldiers in what seems a futile effort
$A p36
Escape while you can

$Q p39
The pink light engulfs you as you approach, causing your head to swim and your eyes to screw
up in pain. When you open your eyes you are sitting in a comfortable leather chair staring at a
balding heavy set man and a skinny brown haired woman sitting opposite you in similar chairs
to your own. You appear to be in a study of sorts - lined with ornate bookcases filled with
leather-bound books. The man stares suspiciously at you while the woman shifts uncomfortably
in her seat as she stares blankly at the ground. 
$A p17
Ask the man why he is here
$A p14
Ask the woman why she's here

$Q p40
You buzz in a millisecond before your opponent.

"David Hyde Pierce?" you venture.

"You idiot!" cries Vine. "You just threw it all away with that brazen display of stupidity. You
LOSE!"
$A p96
Continue

$Q p41
Your opponent seems to mull it over for a while then buzzes in.

"Munch?" he tries.

"You sure about that?" queries Vine. "Well you should be because it's so correct it hurts! Are you
going to be a wimp and ask for a point or a real man and take a Surprise! card?"

Such manipulation clearly strikes a chord with your opponent as he asks for a card, much to the
audience's delight.

Vine pulls a card from his jacket.

"My sympathies, my friend," he says. "Because you've just drawn the Forfeit card. Which means
you lose."

A pit trap opens up beneath your opponents feet and his screech as he plummets into the
darkness mixes with sighs of sympathy from the audience.
$A p100
Continue

$Q p43
You drag yourself along the ground to a safer spot behind a pile of rubble. Taking a quick
glimpse outside the gaping hole you see teams of black coated soldiers with sinister spiked
helmets milling about outside. A few of them are operating a massive mounted machine gun
and are taking pot shots at the castle wall. The noise of the revolving barrel is unbearable.

"They're gonna kill us all!" screams a soldier next to you before burying his face in his hands and
sobbing loudly.

"Buck up soldier," commands a battle scarred sergeant, his back against two massive oak doors
that have a heavy wooden bar across them.

"Yeah," says another soldier cowering amongst some rubble. "There's plenty worse than machine
guns out there." He then begins to laugh uproariously as the machine gun fire carries on in the
background.
$A p32
Try and console the sobbing soldier
$A p58
Talk to the one laughing hysterically

$Q p44
$O gosub:scorecheck
$O
"Question three already, people," says Vine. "Gosh, time passes quickly when you're having fun.
Which of these is a film directed by David Lynch - Mulholland Avenue or Inland Empire?"
$A p98
Answer Mulholland Avenue
$A p9
Answer Inland Empire
$A p84
Remain silent

$Q p45
You lie back on the grass and close your eyes and start to relax . . . until you are kicked hard in
the side! You let out a grunt of pain and open your eyes to see a man with wavy brown hair and
glasses standing over you.

"No," he mumbles. "This won't do at all. This attitude solves nothing. It lets the darkness settle
and seeds stagnation. Take it from someone who has trod this path eternally - you must made a
decision!"

His voice has become more insistent and higher pitched.

"Make a choice!" he pleads. "Lest the darkness gain eternal dominion."

With that he fades into the trees. You stagger to your feet. 
$A p23
Follow the siblings
$A p30
Run in the opposite direction

$Q p47
Your opponent buzzes in.

"Plutchik?" he tries, sounding less than confident.

"Plutchik?" says Vine. "Why that's . . . CORRECT! Will you take a point of do you dare ask for a
Surprise! card?"

"The caaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaard!" scream the audience in unison.

"Gerald," says your opponent. "I think I'm going to bow down to the will of the people and take
a card."

"Excellent," says Vine, pulling a yellow card from his jacket pocket. He then begins to laugh
before turning to you.

"Bon voyage!" he exclaims.

Suddenly a pit opens beneath your feet and you plunge into darkness. Your piercing scream is
interrupted by you landing in a soft bouncy castle. You are in a dim basement, but you can just
about make out a set of wooden steps leading up to a door. You crawl off the bouncy castle and
stride up the steps.
$A p8 SET:U
Continue

$Q p49
Your legs ache and your forehead is covered in a sheen of sweat. You consider turning back
several times, but one thing spurs you on - the light before you is growing larger.

Eventually, on the brink of collapse, you stumble into a large room. Directly ahead of you is the
white light you have been following - it illuminates the ruins of what looks like a former
temple. Broken pillars and rotted banners scatter the stone floor. But what grabs your attention
are four other, dimmer lights in the room. To your left is a red and a green light, while pink and
yellow lights lie to your right. Despite the fact it is still dim in here, you feel uplifted to be near
these lights and the urge to approach them is insurmountable. Which light will you approach -
$A p76 NOT:p76
Red? 
$A p82 NOT:p82
Green?
$A p39 NOT:p39
Pink? 
$A p12 NOT:p12
Yellow? 
$A p25 NOT:p25
White?

$Q p51
Two people appear from the mist - a man with long blond hair and a pretty girl with red hair.
Both are garbed in loose fitting leather clothing. On seeing you they both stop in surprise and
the man levels a flintlock pistol at you.

"Who are you, poltroon?" he demands. "Why are you skulking in this thrice accursed place?"

"Oh put that pistol down, Richard," says the girl.

"But what if he's in league with the creature?" he snaps back.

"I hardly think that terribly likely," she replies. "Just put the gun down and let's talk like civilized
people."

The man reluctantly lowers his pistol, but continues to give you a contemptuous glare.

"Who are you two anyway?" you ask.
$A p53
Continue

$Q p53
"I'm Bianca," says the girl. "This is my brother, Richard."

"We're here hunting a foul beast," he adds.

"You're hunting it," interjects Bianca. "I don't think the poor thing has done anything that
warrants hunting."

"Are you mad, woman?" says Richard. "You only have to look at the thing's awful visage to
know it is an affront to God and must be destroyed."

Before she can retort, there is a rustling in the trees to your right followed by the now familiar
horrible noise.

"The beast!" exclaims Richard. "This time it shall not escape me!"

With that he charges into the trees waving his pistol.

"Wait! Richard!" yells the girl before pursuing.
$A p23
Follow the siblings in their pursuit of the beast
$A p30
Run off in the other direction

$Q p54
"You're being unreasonable," he whines. "We've been married eight years and we never argue.
We've never been unfaithful to one another and we've never had any financial worries. So I
really don't see how you could be unhappy."
$A p95
Agree with him 
$A p57
Ask the wife what she wants from the marriage

$Q p55
$O gosub:scorecheck
$O
Your opponent buzzes in.

"I think it was the instinct," he says.

"Well, you think wrong, my friend," replies Vine, cheesy grin beaming. "Which means your
opponent gets a point."
$A p44 player_score+1
Continue

$Q p56
$O gosub:scorecheck
$O
Vine pulls a yellow card from his jacket pocket.

"Well, what d'ya know, folks?" he says. "It's the card that can make or break any game - the Swap
card. You both swap scores."
$A p44 temp=player_score player_score=opponent_score opponent_score=temp
Continue

$Q p57
Her eyes dart from left to right like she is worried someone might overhear.

"I want . . . kids!" she states and a childish smile crosses her face.

Her husband looks appalled by this revelation. "You do?!" he manages.
$A p81
Agree that this might be a good idea
$A p79
Say that children are not the answer

$Q p58
"What's worse than machine guns?" you ask.

He turns towards you but his eyes seem to be looking at nothing.

"Oh, there's much worse," he chuckles. "Savage dogs who'll rip your skin off, enemy torturers
who can keep you alive in exquisite pain for months. And worst of all is the one with the steel
arms. He can rip your head clean off - I've seen 'im do it to a mate of mine - poor Mick didn't
even have a chance to scream."

At this the sobbing soldier begins to howl with fear.

"Hey shut up, Preston!" barks the Sergeant.

Preston stops talking but continues to grin inanely.

Suddenly, there is a heavy pounding on the mighty wooden doors.

"Aw shit!" he barks. "Brace the door! Those sons of bitches are trying to get through."
All the soldiers leap to their feet and rush towards the doors, throwing their weight against
them in an effort to keep them closed. But still the pounding continues and the heavy bar begins
to buckle and splinter.

"Ain't ya gonna help?!" yells the sergeant at you.
$A p13
Aid the soldiers in what seems a futile effort
$A p36
Escape while you can

$Q p59
$O gosub:scorecheck
$O
"And our survey says . . . uh-uhh!" jokes Vine. "No, I'm afraid it was Descartes." Your opponent
beams.
$A p11 opponent_score+1
Continue

$Q p61
You turn back towards Richard and Bianca only to find they have vanished. In fact the mist and
woods seem to be fading before your very eyes. You turn to the creature and see it too is gone:
the only thing before you now is a floating green light. With no other recourse available to you,
you enter the light and close your eyes as it envelopes you.
When you open your eyes again you are back in the hall of lights.
$A p49
Continue

$Q p63
$O gosub:scorecheck
$O
Vine pulls a bright yellow card from his jacket pocket.

"The card says -" he begins. The audience hushes in tension. "- that your opponent gets two
points!"

Your opponent cheers at this news while the audience sigh in sympathy.

"Too bad my friend," says Vine, "but that's the way -"

"- the cookie crumbles!" finish the audience.
$A p11 opponent_score+2
Continue

$Q p64
$O gosub:scorecheck
$O
Vine pulls forth a bright yellow card.

"Audience," he says. "It's my favourite card cos it means I can hit the bar all the sooner - the
Sudden Death card! Both players' score are set to 2 points. Everything to play for now people."
$A p27 player_score=2 opponent_score=2
Continue

$Q p65
He folds his arms in annoyance, but keeps silent. She licks her lips nervously then continues.
"It's just there's nothing interesting happening in our marriage. We seem to be a couple due to
routine more than anything else. We need some sort of a change."
$A p57
Ask her what kind of change she would want
$A p5
Ask him what change he would be willing to make

$Q p66
You rush through the trees, less than confident that you are not just running around in circles.
Finally, the grotesque noise fades and you rest against a particularly tall tree to get your breath
back.

The sound of your panting almost covers the approaching sound of harsh whispers and
footsteps in the marshy ground. Soon these newcomers will be upon you.
$A p51
Stay where you are
$A p97
Hide amongst the trees

$Q p67
$O gosub:scorecheck
$O
"Balke?!" says Vine to your answer. "I balk at such an idea. No, it was Munch. Your opponent
gets the point I'm afraid."

Your opponent cheers and applauds himself even though he did nothing.
$A p75 opponent_score+1
Continue

$Q p71
Screaming at the top of your lungs you open fire on the hateful figure. Bullet after bullet thuds
into his back but rather than fall, he turns round and strides steadily toward you. You keep
firing, your throat raw from screaming and your mind trying to calculate how many bullets you
have in this clip. And still the hideous steel-armed man comes onward. He is soon before you
and stretches out with his cruel steel hand . . . which stops centimetres from your face. Black
ichor spills from his mouth and he tumbles backward, dead at last. You breathe a long sigh of
relief and give his corpse a hearty kick. You salute the dismembered bodies of your fallen
comrades - they have been avenged.

You decide there is little more good you can do here and decide to return through the red light.
Before you go, you notice a shining red medal on the steel-armed man's leather garb. On a
whim, you tear it from his body and place it on your shirt. You then return to the locker room
and step into the red light.

You open your eyes and find yourself back in the hall of lights. 
$A p49 SET:N SET:medal
Continue

$Q p73
He shakes his head at what you have presented before him.

"Y'know," he says sorrowfully. "I really thought you were going to make it. But you're a loser."
His voice gets angrier. "There's no hope for you. There's no hope for any of us now!"

As his tirade continues, the light of the platinum doors fades until there is only the man's voice
in the darkness. And then there is nothing at all.

$Q p74
You scramble to your feet, trying not to slip on the brain matter that now lies on the flagstones.

"Come back, coward!" yells one of the soldiers, but you pay him no heed as you run back
through the doorway slamming the heavy door shut behind you. You are just about to throw
yourself into the red light when you see something glistening on the flagstones. Intrigued, you
stoop down and pick up a medal made of a shiny red material. You pin this to your jacket and
enter the red light.

You open your eyes and find yourself back in the hall of lights. 
$A p49 SET:F set:medal
Continue

$Q p75
$O gosub:scorecheck
$O
"So it's two all, folks," says Vine, his voice oddly serious. "Whoever gets the next question right
wins and we can all go away and do something worthwhile with our lives. Question six: who
played psychiatrist Frasier Crane in sitcoms Cheers and Frasier ? Was it Kelsey Grammer or
David Hyde Pierce?"
$A p37
Answer Kelsey Grammer
$A p40
Answer David Hyde Pierce
$A p31
Keep silent

$Q p76
As you approach the red light, it envelops you, blinding you with its intensity. You close your
eyes and when you are open them you are standing in a brightly lit stone room. Behind you is
the red light - your exit back to the hall of lights, should you require it. Looking around the
room, you feel it is old, perhaps hundreds of years old. A sturdy oak door in the corner and a
high narrow window to your right suggest you are in some sort of castle or fortification. The
only modern looking thing in the room is a steel locker in front of you. You turn the handle of
the locker and reveal some clothes inside. Pulling them out, you see they are camouflaged
combat fatigues. Not questioning the impulse to do so, you pull the fatigues over your current
clothing - they are a perfect fit. You are distracted by the sound of gunfire and the screams of
men coming from behind the door. You throw it open.

"Get down!" barks a gruff voice. You duck instinctively just as a hail of machine gun bullets thud
into the room through a gaping hole in the castle wall in front of you. A host of soldiers dressed
as you are throw themselves down at the same time, but one is not quick enough. The bullets
thud into his skull blowing his head open and covering you in gore.
$A p74
Retreat back to the red light
$A p43
Stick around

$Q p77
You wave the branch threateningly, but before you can take a good swing at the foul creature, it
springs upon you, knocking you to the ground and pinning you underneath its bulk. You try to
avoid its ugly gaze and shudder as a thin line of black dribble drips onto your face. The creature
then opens its mouth wide and it's horrible leathery tongue licks your face roughly.

You are just about to accept that your end has come when a gunshot comes from the trees
behind you. The creature leaps off you and bolts into the deepening mist leaving you to pick
yourself up as a man with long blond hair and armed with a flintlock pistol comes out from the
trees followed by a pretty red-haired girl.

"Damn it, Bianca you spoiled my aim," the man complains loudly. "I had the creature in my
sights!"

The girl is about to retort when the two of them notice you and stare questioningly.

"Who are you two?" you ask.
$A p53
Continue

$Q p79
The husband tries to hide his sigh of relief with little success.

The wife looks disappointed.

"What would you suggest then?" she asks.
$A p94
Ask why they got together in the first place
$A p19
Recommend a trial separation

$Q p81
The husband has gone white as a sheet. "Maybe we could . . . give it a try," he says slowly.

The wife grins in delight and gives him a big kiss before shaking you firmly by the hand. He
rises unsteadily from his seat and hands you a wad of cash before slowly striding towards the
door. The wife follows, her broad smile still splitting her face.

As they close the door, you slip the cash into your pocket. As you do so, you see the bookcase
before you collapse into dust. Then your chair gives way and you fall, not to the floor but into
an ever expanding pink light. You shield your eyes as it envelopes you . . . and when you open
your eyes again you are back in the hall of lights. 
$A p49 SET:S set:cash
Continue

$Q p82
The green light engulfs you totally and then fades to nothingness . . . but you are no longer
standing in the hallway. Instead you seem to be in a wood of sorts. Tall, sickly trees surround
you and the ground is soft and marshy underfoot. A dense mist flows between the trees making
it so you can only see a few feet in front of you.

You are just considering what to do when you hear the strangest noise coming from the trees to
your right. At first it sound like a bestial roar but it soon turns into asthmatic coughing and
wheezing before descending into a grotesque retching. 
$A p7
Investigate the noise
$A p66
Head away from it

$Q p83
You clamber into the car and honk the horn and wave wildly to the audience whose cheers are
emphatic. Vine skips over to you and presents you with a golden trophy of a man with his hair
standing on end.

"To go on your mantelpiece," he says, flashing another cheesy grin.

You take the trophy and continue waving as the announcer tells everyone to tune in next week
for another edition of Surprise! As you wave, the studio lights seem to get impossibly bright.

You are forced to shield your eyes and when the light finally fades, you uncover them to find
you are back in the hall of lights, the studio and the jeep gone.
$A p49 SET:T set:trophy
Continue

$Q p84
$O gosub:scorecheck
$O
Your opponent buzzes in very fast.

"Inland Empire," he says confidently.

"Have you been looking at my cards?" says Vine. "Because that's absolutely correct! Will you
take the point or risk the dangers or a Surprise! card?"

"I'll take the point," he says. His response is booed by the audience.
$A p91 opponent_score+1
Continue

$Q p85
You wait until you cannot hear the dull thud of his footsteps anymore and then staggeringly
pull yourself up. You are sickened by the sight of the mutilated corpses of your brief comrades
and decide to beat a hasty retreat. You return to the locker room and the red light.

You are just about to enter it when you see something glistening on the flagstones. Intrigued,
you stoop down and pick up a medal made of a shiny red material. You pin this to your jacket
and enter the red light.

You open your eyes and find yourself back in the hall of lights.
$A p49 SET:F set:medal
Continue

$Q p86
$O gosub:scorecheck
$O
You are still pondering the question when your opponent hits his buzzer.

"Descartes?" he ventures.

"Howzabout that, folks?" asks Vine. "He got it right."

A smile of relief creases your opponent's face. He resists the audience urging him to take a
Surprise! card and instead takes 1 point.
$A p11 opponent_score+1
Continue

$Q p87
The wife nods her head slowly.

"I suppose it's worth a try," she says less than convincingly.

"Yeah," replies her husband, scratching the back of his neck awkwardly. "Whatever doesn't kill
us and all that."

He looks like he's trying to smile and can't quite manage it. Instead he rises to his feet and
shakes you by the hand before handing you a wad of cash which you stuff in your pocket. He
then leads his wife out the office door, neither one of them looking directly at the other. They
close the door behind them.

A few seconds later, there is a knock at the door. Thinking that they've forgotten something,
you stride over and open it . . . to reveal a huge glowing pink light. The light surrounds you
completely and when it finally fades you are no longer in the office - you are back in the hall of
lights.
$A p49 SET:S set:cash
Continue

$Q p88
$O gosub:scorecheck
$O
Vine takes out a yellow card from the confines of his jacket.

"Hard luck, friend," he says. "You've just drawn the Bankruptcy card. We'll be taking any money
you have on you."

Two burly, bald security guards rifle through your pockets, taking a wad of cash off you if you
have it.

"Sorry," says Vine. "I know it's hard to get far in this world without money. Tell ya what - to
make it up to you I'm going to give you a chance to get back into the game by setting the scores
to two all. How's about that folks?"

The crowd cheers.
$A p75 clr:cash player_score=2 opponent_score=2
Continue

$Q p89
$O gosub:scorecheck
$O
"Indeed it was," replies Vine. "So what will it be this time, bucko - the point or the card?"
The audience mutter amongst themselves while you decide.
$A p44 player_score+1
Take the point
$A p56
Take the card

$Q p90
You follow the corridor for what seems like countless hours. The light before you grows no
larger. You wonder how far ahead this hall of lights is. Will you even make it - or will
exhaustion claim you first?

"I know what you're thinking," says a warm voice off to your left. You turn to see an overweight
man sitting on a plush couch in an alcove you had not noticed before. Even in the dim light, his
warm smile and bright eyes are apparent.

"You're thinking is it worth it?" he continues. "Personally I doubt it is. Even if you make it to the
light, will you know what to do when you get there? Just sit here with me. Relax, things will
sort themselves out."

He pats the seat beside him, inviting you to sit down. 
$A p28
Accept
$A p49
Press on into uncertain territory

$Q p91
$O gosub:scorecheck
$O
"Pay attention now," continues Vine. "We don't want you doing something stupid this late in the
game. Question four: Which psychologist came up with the concept of the eight-spoked wheel
of basic emotions in 1980? Was it Ernst Angel or Robert Plutchik?"
$A p29
Answer Angel
$A p22
Answer Plutchik 
$A p47
Say nothing

$Q p92
You say a few comforting words, but he seems inconsolable. You are about to say something
more when you are interrupted by a heavy pounding on the mighty wooden doors.

"Aw shit!" barks the sergeant. "Brace the door! Those sons of bitches are trying to get through!"
The crying soldiers looks up, the tears gone, his face now grim with determination. He leaps to
his feet and joins his fellow soldiers rushing towards the doors and throwing their weight
against them in an effort to keep them closed. But still the pounding continues and the heavy
bar begins to buckle and splinter.

"Ain't ya gonna help?!" yells the sergeant at you.
$A p13
Aid the soldiers in what seems a futile effort 
$A p36
Escape while you can

$Q p93
Vine pulls forth a black envelope with a large yellow question mark stamped on it. He peels
open the envelope and takes out a card.

"You win . . ." he begins theatrically, "a year's supply of custard!"

Before you can say anything, a pit opens beneath your feet and you plunge into a vat of sticky
yellow custard. With great difficulty you pull yourself out and climb up some wooden steps
towards a door in the distance.
$A p8 SET:U
Continue

$Q p94
"Well we used to dumb kids' stuff," begins the husband. "Y'know like going bowling, going to
clubs, seeing bands."

"We just kinda stopped doing those things after a while," adds the wife. "Maybe we should start
doing a few of those things again."

"Yeah, y'know that might be kinda fun," he says. "We should stop worrying about our
relationship and just have fun."

"Thanks," he says to you, shaking you by the hand. "You've made me realize in a few minutes
what was wrong with our marriage and how we can get it back on track."

He hands you a wad of cash which you pocket and then leads his wife out of the office, his arm
round her shoulder. They close the door behind them softly.

You are startled by a phone on a desk behind you ringing. You pick up the receiver and place it
to your ear and hear what sounds like several voices laughing giddily. You are about to
demand who is on the other end when you are distracted by a growing pink light outside your
office window. It swamps into the room encircling you and you close your eyes to shield them
from its brilliance. When you open your eyes again, you find you are back in the hall of lights.
$A p49 SET:J set:cash
Continue

$Q p95
The wife makes a small gulping noise and returns to staring at the floor.

"Well that settles that then," growls the husband. He rises to his feet, handing you a wad of cash
which you pocket. "We won't be needing your services anymore."

He flings the door open, striding out of the office with his wife shuffling after him with head
bowed.

Before you can make any entreaty for them to come back, your chair begins to shake and the
bookshelves before you crumble into dust to be replaced by a pulsating pink light. The light
expands and surrounds you completely . . . and when it fades you are back in the hall of lights.
$A p49 SET:S set:cash
Continue

$Q p96
As your opponent celebrates his victory with great howls of joy, Vine turns to you.

"What are YOU still doing here?" he says. "Get out of my sight."

Suddenly, a pit opens beneath your feet and you plunge into darkness. Your piercing scream is
interrupted by you landing in a soft bouncy castle. You are in a dim basement, but you can just
about make out a set of wooden steps leading up to a door. You crawl off the bouncy castle and
stride up the steps.
$A p8 SET:U
Continue

$Q p97
You find a clump of trees and hide amongst them just as a man with long blonde hair and a
red-haired girl pass the place you just were. They seem to be arguing about something and you
lean closer to hear what they're saying, but as you do so, you disturb a flock of birds who caw
loudly before flying off. The man turns to your position and his mouth forms a cruel sneer as he
sees you and levels a flintlock pistol at you.

"No! Don't!" screams the girl but a bullet flies from the gun and strikes you hard in the chest.
You try to talk but find you cannot. You tumble to the ground, blood flowing from your chest as
you lose consciousness. 
$A p35
Continue

$Q p98
$O gosub:scorecheck
$O
You buzz in a fraction of a second before your opponent and answer.

"No," replies Vine, "you could not be more wrong. You could try, but you would not be
successful."

The audience giggles at this put down and your opponent smiles as he gets a point. 
$A p91 opponent_score+1
Continue

$Q p14
"I'm not happy," she say slowly in a soft quiet voice. "We haven't been happy in a long time. Not
since the first few years of our marriage."

"Preposterous!" cries her husband.
$A p54
Let him interject
$A p65
Tell him to keep quiet and let his wife continue

$Q p99
The husband stares angrily at you as if offended that you would suggest his wife would
disagree with him, but before he can say anything she speaks in a soft sad voice.

"I'm not happy," she says. "We haven't been happy in a long time. Not since the first few years of
our marriage."

"Preposterous!" blubbers her husband.

$A p54
Let him interject
$A p65
Tell him to keep quiet and let his wife continue

$Q p100
"Well, who'd have thunk you'd actually win," says Vine in such a way that you can't tell if he's
being sarcastic or not. "So what's it going to be - the car or the Mystery Prize?"

The audience scream out for you to take the Mystery Prize. 
$A p93
Mystery Prize
$A p83
The car

$Q p80
He looks at what you have laid out before him.

"Yes, very good. This all seems in order," he says enthusiastically. "I must say, I'm very pleased
with the effort you're making. Well off you go then - this is no time to dawdle."

He turns away from you and starts looking at some papers on the desk, despite the fact it would
be near impossible to read in this dim light. You thank him and open the platinum doors which
are surprisingly light.

Beyond the doors is another dark room. A large monitor takes up most of the far wall and the
flickering static on the screen provides the room with its sole source of light.

As you watch the screen, an image forms in the static - faint at first, but getting gradually
clearer. A man dressed in white is sitting against the wall of a white room. His face is blurred so
you can make out none of his features. A door opens in the whiteness and a blonde woman, also
clothed in white enters. She looks at the man for a few seconds before speaking.

"What do you feel?" she asks.

$A p72 S D F T
Continue
$A p18 S D F U
Continue
$A p62 S D N U
Continue
$A p48 S D N T
Continue
$A p52 S A F U
Continue
$A p78 S A F T
Continue
$A p24 S A N U
Continue
$A p68 S A N T
Continue

$A p46 J D F U
Continue
$A p42 J D F T
Continue
$A p50 J D N T
Continue
$A p60 J D N U
Continue
$A p69 J A F T
Continue
$A p10 J A F U
Continue
$A p70 J A N T
Continue
$A p4  J A N U
Continue


###################### endings
$Q p72
"I know you're only trying to help me," he says in a strangely familiar voice. "But there's no
point. I'm a lost cause."

"No-one is a lost cause," consoles the woman.

"I am," he continues. "I have made too many mistakes in the past and they have caught up with
me. There's no righting things now."

"You cannot give up," she implores.

"But I have. Leave me to my regrets."

The woman shakes her head and leaves the room.

The man says and does nothing and eventually the picture begins to flicker then fade
completely, bathing the room in perpetual darkness.

$Q p24
He throws his arms theatrically in the air and speaks with an oddly familiar voice.

"What's the point of all this? I'm never getting out of here!"

"You can't say that," the woman replies.

"Why not? It's true. Nothing gets better. Just leave me alone."

He turns round and faces away from her. She shakes her head and leaves, closing the door
behind her. The man begins to sob as the picture fades and finally disappears completely,
plunging the room in perpetual darkness.

$Q p78
"I need help," he says slowly. His voice seems strangely familiar.

"That's why you're here," the woman replies.

"How do I get out? You have to tell me what to do."

"You have to work that out on your own," she says.

He says no more so she rises to her feet and leaves, closing the door behind him.
"I need help," mutters the man again to himself.

The pictures grows fuzzy then fades completely, plunging the room into perpetual darkness.

$Q p50
"I'm feeling good," replies the man, his voice eerily familiar.

"Really?" asks the woman, sounding unconvinced.

"Yes. I know now it is not my fault I'm here. It's you lot keeping me in here. Using me as an
experiment."

"It's not like that and you know it," she replies.

"Pah! Don't give me that!" he snarls. "I should be out. There's no logical reason to keep me here!"
He rises to his feet, tensing his fists.

"Let me out now!" he bellows.

The woman flees out the doorway and quickly slams the door shut behind her. The man strides
up to the door and beats it with his fists before collapsing, to the ground.

"Oh, I'll get outta here," he mutters to himself. "Just you wait."

He keeps on muttering, but soon grows inaudible. The picture flickers and then finally fades,
plunging the room into perpetual darkness.

$Q p69
"I think things are finally getting better," speaks the man in an oddly familiar voice. "And I think
it's all down to you."

The woman raises her eyebrows at this suggestion.

"What would you suggest to get me out of here?" he continues. "Then once I'm out we can be
together."

The woman shakes her head and leaves the room. The man bows his head forlornly and the
picture fades once more before disappearing completely, bathing the room in perpetual
darkness.

$Q p70
"I think things are finally getting better," speaks the man in an oddly familiar voice. "And I think
it's all down to you."

The woman shakes her head at this suggestion.

"Such thinking isn't good," she says, a hint of warning to her voice.

"Don't say that!" he says, rising to his feet and tensing his fists. "I know what we feel - even if you
won't admit it!"

The woman flees out the doorway, slamming the door behind her. The man strides up to the
door and beats it with his fists before collapsing, sobbing, to the ground. The picture fades once
more before disappearing completely, bathing the room in perpetual darkness.

$Q p46
The man turns to the woman, but says nothing. Finally he manages to say something, but his
voice is mumbled and he stutters. The woman shakes her head and turn to leave.

"Wait! Don't go!" he cries, but she has already left. He bows his head forlornly and the picture
fades once more before disappearing completely, bathing the room in perpetual darkness.

#################################

$Q p10
"I think . . . I think I'm in love with you," the man declares in a voice that's oddly familiar.
The woman raises her eyebrows at this suggestion.

"Don't be angry with me," he says slowly. "I could never bear that. Please tell me what to do to
get out of here. I know whatever you suggest will put anything right."

The woman shakes her head and leaves the room. The man bows his head forlornly and the
picture fades once more before disappearing completely, bathing the room in perpetual
darkness.

$Q p4
"I think . . . I think I'm in love with you," the man declares in a voice that's oddly familiar.
The woman raises her eyebrows at this suggestion.

"I don't care who we are. I don't care where we are," he continues. "We should just be together
regardless."

He rises to his feet to embrace the woman. She pushes him away and the dashes out the door,
slamming it behind her. The man sinks to the ground, his head in his hands. The picture fades
once more before disappearing completely, bathing the room in perpetual darkness.

$Q p42
"I feel like there's finally hope," replies the man. There is something strangely familiar about his
voice. "I think things might finally be improving and I may not need to be here too much
longer."

"That's good," says the woman. "Positive thinking is what you need most of all. I'm very pleased
with your progress."

The woman nods and leaves the room. The man seems to look out of the monitor at you. As he
does so the picture improves in quality and suddenly there is a blinding flash and the room is
bathed in brilliant light.

You feel a tap on your shoulder and turn to see the red haired man who freed you, only now his
hair is neatly brushed back, his face is no longer greasy, his glasses are gone and he has replaced
his tweed jacket with a navy suit like that of the man outside the platinum doors.

"Thank you," he says.

And the light gets brighter still.

$Q p68
The man rises to his feet, his fists balled in rage.

"The hell you care!" he roars. "Get outta here! Get out!"

The woman flees, slamming the door closed behind her. The man races to the door and smashes
against it with his fists to no avail.

"Fucking bitch!" he growls before sinking to the floor.

The picture flickers then fades, plunging the room in perpetual darkness.

$Q p18
He looks down at the ground, for a while before speaking.

"I'm not getting out of here am I?" he said slowly, his voice oddly familiar.

"We'll see," she replies.

"I know you've done your best, but I just can't make it. The mistakes I've made in the past have
doomed me."

"You must look to the future," the woman consoles.

"It's too late for that," he mutters. "I have made my bed and must lie in it forever more."
The woman shakes her head and leaves. The man raises his head and you think for a second he
will call out, but he remains silent.

The picture on the screen begins to flicker then disappears, flooding the room with perpetual
darkness.

$Q p52
He looks down at the ground, without speaking.

"Answer me," says the woman firmly.

He shakes his head. "I'm not getting out of here am I?"

"We'll see," she replies.

"I know you've done your best and I'm trying to do what you say, but I just can't make it."

"Have faith," she says kindly before leaving the room, closing the door behind her. The man
covers his face and sobs as the picture fades then disappears completely, plunging the room
into perpetual darkness.

######################
$Q p60
"Come to see how your little sideshow freak is doing?" he says in a bitter voice that seems
somehow familiar to you.

"You know it's not like that," says the woman.

"Do I?" cries the man. "You all disgust me! You claim you're trying to help people like me, but
we're just experiments. Get out of my sight!"

The woman shakes her head and leaves the room, closing the door behind her. The picture in
the screen flickers then fades completely, bathing the room in perpetual darkness.

$Q p48
"Come to gloat, have you?" he grunts.

"No," she replies steadily. "Why would you think that?"

"Because of the mess I've made of my life? I know we're all just sideshow freaks to you lot. I
know it's my actions that brought me here. What more do you want of me?"

"You must try to stay positive," she advises.

"Oh, shut your hole!" he exclaims, rising to his feet and balling his fists in rage. "Get outta here
now!"

The woman flees, slamming the door closed behind her. The man races over to the door and
beats it futilely with his fists, before spitting on the ground and sinking to the floor. He begins
to mutter to himself and as he does so the image on the screen begins to flicker, then disappears
completely, plunging the room into perpetual darkness.

$Q p62
"Come to gloat, have you?" he grunts.

"No," she replies steadily. "Why would you think that?"

"Because of the mess I've made of my life? I know you lot laugh at our misery and I know it's all
my own fault. What more do you want of me?"

"You must try to stay positive," she advises.

"Oh, that's rich!" he exclaims. "You know as well as I do that there's no happy ending for me. Just
leave me be."

The woman shakes her head and leaves, closing the door behind her.

The man begins to sob to himself and as he does so the image on the screen begins to flicker,
then disappears completely, plunging the room into eternal darkness.
